langGeneralCharset = iso-8859-1
langGeneralSystemName = FlushPHP FrameWork

langMenu = Menu
langMenuGeneral = General
langMenuModule = Module
langMenuHeader = Enter Menu Info
langMenuCategory = Category

langMenuUser = User


langUserGroup = Group
langUserAddHeader = Enter User Base Info
langUserNameExist = Sorry that username is exists,please enter another username!

langGeneralNone = None
langGeneralURL = URL
langGeneralSystem = System
langGeneralLogout = Logout
langGeneralHome = Home
langGeneralPosition = Position
langGeneralCreateTime = Create Time
langGeneralAddIP = Add IP
langGeneralName = Name
langGeneralPassword = Password
langGeneralConfirm = Confirm
langGeneralList = List
langGeneralConfigure = Configure
langGeneralAdd = New
langGeneralSubmit = Submit
langGeneralUpdate = Update
langGeneralAuthor = Author
langGeneralStatus = Status
langGeneralSummary = Summary
langGeneralOperation = Operation
langGeneralInstall = Install
langGeneralUnInstall = UnInstall
langGeneralSuccess = Success
langGeneralFail = Fail

langGeneralFileNotExist = Sorry,file not exist

langMessageMsg = Message
langMessageWarnning = Warnning
langMessageError = Error
langMessageNotice = Notice

langGeneralCopyRight= CopyRight(c) 2005 FlushPHP Group